THIS AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is hereby entered into between [CONTRACTOR NAME] (“CONTRACTOR”) located at:[CONTRACTOR/BUSINESS ADDRESS] and DigiSavvy, Inc ("COMPANY") with offices at 190 Santa Anita, Ct, Sierra Madre, CA 91024on the following terms and conditions:

1.    General Undertaking.  The parties are entering into this Agreement to establish a basic ordering relationship whereby CUSTOMER may, from time to time, commission CONTRACTOR to perform, directly for CUSTOMER or for the benefit of a third party client of CUSTOMER ("Third Party Client"), professional or technical services agreed to by the parties (the "Services") and to develop Custom Work Product or other items specified in a particular Task Order (collectively, the "Deliverables"). CUSTOMER makes no minimum commitment of work by entering into this Agreement, it being understood that an actual engagement of Services shall occur only upon execution of a Task Order and for the period described in Section 4(b)("Particular Task Orders").

2.    Task Orders.  Work performed under this Agreement shall be described in a Time & Materials, Fixed Price, Maintenance Service or Training Service Task Order ("Task Order"), which in each instance shall be incorporated herein as an Amendment to this Agreement at the time it is signed by an authorized representative of CUSTOMER. Execution of a Task Order shall be considered a commitment by CONTRACTOR to provide the Services or Deliverables described therein according to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Task Order and this Agreement.  The parties may issue other transactional documentation (e.g., purchase orders, invoices and the like) for administrative convenience, which shall have no substantive effect on the terms of this Agreement. The terms of a Task Order shall take precedence over any inconsistent terms of this Agreement. CONTRACTOR BEARS DIRECT FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ACCEPTANCE BY CUSTOMER OR ITS THIRD PARTY CLIENT OF ALL SERVICES AND DELIVERABLES.

    (a)    Time & Materials Task Orders.  Task Orders issued on a Time & Materials ("T&M") basis shall be performed at such times, locations and at such rates as are set forth in the attached Schedule of Labor Categories & Rates. CONTRACTOR shall maintain contemporaneous daily time records of hours and tasks performed, which shall be submitted for approval and sign-off by CUSTOMER or its Third Party Client. Any total dollar amounts or total hours characterized in a T&M Task Order as a "Not to Exceed" limitation shall be considered binding commitments by CONTRACTOR to complete the work within the stated limits.

    (b)    Fixed Price Task Orders.  All Services performed on a Fixed Price basis shall be at the price stated in the applicable Task Order, subject to CUSTOMER's approval of a Statement of Work that sets forth in reasonable detail the scope of such work. If part of a Fixed Price Task Order involves the preparation of a requirements analysis or design document needed to establish the scope of remaining work, then neither party shall be obligated to proceed beyond such preliminary work until the document is in mutually acceptable form. Once a Statement of Work under a Fixed Price Task Order has been established, any changes shall be subject to a written Change Order that includes an appropriate adjustment to the price, delivery dates or a notation that no such adjustments are necessary. If the parties cannot agree on the characterization of an item as "out-of-scope," CONTRACTOR shall fill the request without prejudice to its claim for reasonable compensation. Out-of-Scope work shall be deemed performed on a T&M basis at the rates referenced in Subsection (a)("Time & Materials Task Orders"). Unless otherwise stated, all work schedules shall be considered a material part of this Agreement.
    s
    (c)    Maintenance & Training Task Orders.  The parties may issue Maintenance Service Task Orders to provide ongoing maintenance and support for Deliverables beyond any applicable Warranty Period. Services performed under a Maintenance Task Order shall cover such technology, sites and responsibilities as are set forth in the applicable Task Order. In addition, the parties may issue Training Services Task Orders to provide "train-the-trainer" programs, as well as training of end-users in the use and operation of Deliverables. Services performed under a Training Task Order shall cover such training topics, locations, document preparation and responsibilities as are set forth in the applicable Task Order.

3.    Testing & Acceptance.  All Custom Work Product and other Deliverables of a nature suitable for testing shall at CUSTOMER's option be subject to acceptance testing under procedures mutually agreed to by the parties and described in the applicable Task Order. Such testing shall be reasonably designed to determine whether the Deliverables function substantially in accordance with the relevant specifications and shall not be deemed accepted until CUSTOMER issues its written certification of acceptance.

4.    Term.

    (a)    Basic Ordering Period.  The duration of the general relationship and period in which Task Orders may be executed under this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date last below written and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 13 ("Termination"), shall continue in full force and effect for a period of one (1) year. The Term shall automatically be renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other within thirty (30) days prior to expiration of the then current Term that the Agreement shall not be renewed. Should the Term otherwise expire during performance of a project specified in a Task Order, CUSTOMER shall have the option of extending the Term for a period ending with completion of such Task Order.

    (b)    Particular Task Orders.  The duration of a particular engagement of Services shall be specified in the Task Order and shall continue until the work is completed according to its terms or this Agreement is otherwise terminated under Section 13 ("Termination").  If a particular Task Order does not specifically commit CUSTOMER to hire CONTRACTOR for a stated minimum period, then CUSTOMER shall be deemed to reserve the right in its sole discretion to suspend or terminate the Task Order at any time for any reason. If a minimum period of work is specified, then CUSTOMER nevertheless reserves the right in its sole discretion to suspend or terminate a Task Order at any time if the work described therein or if CONTRACTOR's participation in such project is for any reason suspended or terminated by a Third Party Client of CUSTOMER.

    (c)    Effect of Termination.  Termination shall have no effect on CUSTOMER's obligation to pay the applicable labor rate, fee or an equitable portion of any Fixed Price Task Order with respect to Services rendered or Deliverables provided prior to the effective date of termination and accepted by CUSTOMER or its Third Party Client. CUSTOMER is not obligated to pay for any Services rendered after the effective date of termination.

5.    Price & Payment.

    (a)    Price.  Applicable prices for all Services shall be based on (or, in the case of non-T&M Task Orders, calculated or determined by general reference to) the attached Schedule of Labor Categories and Rates. Such rates shall remain valid for the initial Term hereof and may not be increased in any renewal Term by more than five (5) percent beyond the price in effect immediately prior to such increase. Except as stated in Subsection (d) ("Out-of-Pocket Costs & Taxes"), the price for all Deliverables includes CONTRACTOR's wages, overhead, general and administrative expenses and all other indirect costs and profit to be recovered or charged under the Task Order. CONTRACTOR shall pay its personnel at least the minimum wage applicable to each labor classification.

    (b)    Invoices.  All Services rendered and accepted under a T&M or Training Services Task Order shall be invoiced monthly as work progresses (but in no event later than forty-five (45) days after such Services are rendered). Services performed under a Fixed Price Task Order shall be paid according to the payment schedule set forth therein or, if not specified, then invoices shall be submitted for an amount equal to 1/10 the contract price upon commencement of work, 8/10 upon final acceptance of the CONTRACTOR's work, and 1/10 thirty (30) days after acceptance. Services performed under a Maintenance Task Order shall, unless otherwise stated, be invoiced each year in advance.

    (c)    Payment.  CUSTOMER's obligation for payment will depend on whether the Services are rendered for the ultimate benefit of CUSTOMER or for the benefit of a Third Party Client of CUSTOMER identified in the applicable Task Order. CONTRACTOR BEARS DIRECT FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ACCEPTANCE AND FINAL PAYMENT FOR ALL WORK PERFORMED FOR THE BENEFIT OF THIRD PARTY CLIENTS.

        (i)    CUSTOMER Projects.  Payment for Services performed for CUSTOMER's own benefit shall be made within thirty (30) days after date of invoice. CUSTOMER reserves the right to setoff against CONTRACTOR any amount owed by CONTRACTOR to CUSTOMER. As a precondition to final payment or at any time thereafter, CONTRACTOR shall upon request execute a standard "Release of Liens."

        (ii)    Third Party Client Projects.  For Services rendered for the benefit of an identified Third Party Client, CONTRACTOR shall be paid within five (5) days after CUSTOMER receives the corresponding payment from its Third Party Client. CUSTOMER shall diligently pursue collection of amounts properly due from such Third Party Clients. CUSTOMER may in its sole discretion advance CONTRACTOR amounts invoiced for Services accepted (but not yet paid for) by its Third Party Client, subject to setoff or reimbursement in the event the Third Party Client refuses payment because of defective CONTRACTOR work.


    (d)    Out-of-Pocket Costs & Taxes.  Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, prices quoted for Services do not include and CUSTOMER shall reimburse CONTRACTOR for its actual, pre-authorized cost of travel (limited to reasonable coach class air fare, economy car rental and lodging). CONTRACTOR shall collect from CUSTOMER and remit in a timely manner to appropriate governmental authorities and thereafter hold CUSTOMER harmless from all applicable sales, use, gross receipts, GST, value-added or similar levy (including interest and penalties imposed thereon) with respect to the Services and Deliverables provided hereunder.

6.    Proprietary Rights.  The following provisions govern the ownership and use of Custom Work Product. For these purposes, "Custom Work Product" means all analyses, discoveries, designs, software routines, programs, documentation, training manuals, and any fixes, new releases, enhancements or derivative works of the foregoing created by CONTRACTOR or its personnel after the effective date of this Agreement and in furtherance of a Task Order. CUSTOMER shall own all right, title and interest in the Custom Work Product. CONTRACTOR expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Custom Work Product constitutes "work made for hire" under Federal copyright laws (17 U.S.C. Sec. 101) owned exclusively by Hiring Party (or, for purposes of this Section, its designated Third Party Client) and, alternatively, hereby irrevocably assigns to CUSTOMER all ownership rights and irrevocably waives all other rights (including moral rights) it might have in the Custom Work Product. CONTRACTOR shall, at any time upon request, execute any documentation required by CUSTOMER to vest exclusive ownership of the Custom Work Product in CUSTOMER (or its designee). Notwithstanding the foregoing, CONTRACTOR is granted a royalty-free non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, use and sublicense copies of the Custom Work Product in conjunction with other development projects of CONTRACTOR that are not competitive with the CUSTOMER's intended use of the Custom Work Product.

7.    Confidential Information.

    (a)    Acknowledgment of Confidentiality.  Each party hereby acknowledges that it may be exposed to confidential and proprietary information belonging to the other party or relating to its affairs (and those of Third Party Clients), including, without limitation, source code and design materials for Custom Work Product and other materials expressly designated or marked as confidential. Confidential Information does not include (i) information already known or independently developed by the recipient; (ii) information in the public domain through no wrongful act of the party, or (iii) information received by a party from a third party who was free to disclose it.

    (b)    Covenant Not to Disclose.  Each party hereby agrees that during the Term and at all times thereafter it shall not use, commercialize or disclose the other party's Confidential Information to any person or entity, except to its own employees having a "need to know," and to such other recipients as the other party may approve in a signed writing. Each party shall use at least the same degree of care in safeguarding the other party's Confidential Information as it uses in safeguarding its own Confidential Information, but in no event shall a party use less than due diligence and care.  Neither party shall alter or remove from any software, documentation or other Confidential Information of the other party (or any third party) any proprietary, copyright, trademark or trade secret legend.

8.    Noncircumvention.  CONTRACTOR acknowledges that CUSTOMER has expended considerable time, effort and resources to create valued business relationships and promising opportunities with respect to which CONTRACTOR may be introduced during the course of this relationship. Therefore, during the Term and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, CONTRACTOR agrees that it shall not, directly or indirectly hire, solicit, nor attempt to solicit the services or business of any employee, subcontractor or Third Party Client of CUSTOMER without the prior written consent of CUSTOMER. Violation of this provision shall, in addition to other relief, entitle CUSTOMER to assert liquidated damages against CONTRACTOR equal to one hundred fifty (150) percent of the solicited or hired person's annual compensation or gross revenue to be derived from any such anticipated venture or business relationship, plus costs of enforcement (including reasonable legal fees).

9.    Injunctive Relief.  The parties acknowledge that violation by one party of the provisions of Section 6 ("Proprietary Rights"), Section 7 ("Confidential Information") or Section 8 ("Noncircumvention") would cause irreparable harm to the other party not adequately compensable by monetary damages. In addition to other relief, it is agreed that preliminary and permanent injunctive relief shall be available without necessity of posting bond to prevent any actual or threatened violation of such provisions.

10.    Warranties.

    (a)    Noninfringement Warranty.  CONTRACTOR represents and warrants that the Deliverables (including Custom Work Product), when properly used as contemplated herein, will not infringe or misappropriate any United States copyright, trademark, patent, or the trade secrets of any third persons. Upon being notified of such a claim, CONTRACTOR shall (i) defend through litigation or obtain through negotiation the right of CUSTOMER to continue using Deliverable; (ii) rework the Deliverable so as to make it noninfringing while preserving the original functionality, or (iii) replace the Deliverable with functionally equivalent materials. If CUSTOMER determines that none of the foregoing alternatives provide an adequate remedy, CUSTOMER may terminate all or any part of this Agreement and, in addition to other relief, recover amounts paid hereunder.

    (b)    Limited Performance Warranty.  CONTRACTOR represents and warrants for a period of ninety (90) days ("Warranty Period") following final acceptance that it will make whatever effort is reasonably required to ensure that the Deliverable operates in accordance with the specifications under the Task Order. CONTRACTOR represents and warrants that none of the Deliverables will contain any timer, counter, lock or similar device (other than security features specifically approved by CUSTOMER in the specifications) that inhibits or in any way limits its ability to operate and that the Deliverable will be free from software viruses.

    (d)    Warranty Response.  If CUSTOMER notifies CONTRACTOR during the Warranty Period of a "Major Alarm," (a material defect in the Deliverable that causes a substantial disruption of CUSTOMER's business) CONTRACTOR shall promptly (but in no event later than two (2) hours after receiving such notice) respond by telephone to acknowledge the Major Alarm and shall promptly make whatever effort is reasonably required to diagnose and correct the error. Minor Alarms (any alarm other than a Major Alarm) shall be diagnosed and corrected by CONTRACTOR within a reasonable time by telephone support or through the issuance of updates or fixes to the Deliverable. CONTRACTOR acknowledges that a large accumulation of Minor Alarms may collectively be characterized and treated by CUSTOMER as a Major Alarm if not corrected within a reasonable time. All corrections shall be as fully warranted against defects as the original product.

11.    Remedies & Liabilities.

    (a)    Remedies.  In addition to other remedies expressly acknowledged hereunder and except as expressly limited herein, the CUSTOMER shall have the full benefit of all remedies generally available to a purchaser of goods under the Uniform Commercial Code.

    (b)    Liabilities.  CUSTOMER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO CONTRACTOR FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT IN AN AMOUNT EXCEEDING THE TOTAL CONTRACT PRICE FOR THE TASK ORDER AT ISSUE. EXCEPT FOR VIOLATIONS BY CONTRACTOR OF SECTION 6 ("PROPRIETARY RIGHTS"), SECTION 7 ("CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION") OR SECTION 8 (NONCIRCUMVENTION"), NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE HEREUNDER FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST SAVINGS OR PROFIT) SUSTAINED BY THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY FOR ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR PERTAINING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT. CONTRACTOR IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL CLAIMS AGAINST ANY THIRD PARTY CLIENT OF CUSTOMER. THE PARTIES HEREBY EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE FOREGOING LIMITATION HAS BEEN NEGOTIATED BY THE PARTIES AND REFLECTS A FAIR ALLOCATION OF RISK.

12.    Notices.  Notices sent to either party shall be effective when delivered in person or transmitted by telecopier ("fax") machine, one (1) day after being sent by overnight courier, or two (2) days after being sent by first class mail postage prepaid to the address on the first page hereof or such other address as a party may give notice. A facsimile of this Agreement and notices generated in good form by a fax machine (as well as a photocopy thereof) shall be treated as "original" documents admissible into evidence unless a document's authenticity is genuinely placed in question.

13.    Termination.  This Agreement shall terminate upon expiration of the Term described in Section 4 ("Term"); provided, however, that if such expiration would occur during pendency of a Task Order having a specified period of performance, the Term hereof shall automatically be extended to be coterminous with such Task Order to the extent permitted under Section 4(a)("Basic Ordering Period"). In addition to other relief, either party may terminate this Agreement if the other party breaches any material provision hereof. CUSTOMER may, in its sole discretion, grant CONTRACTOR an opportunity within ten (10) days after receipt of notice of default to correct such default or to commence corrective action reasonably acceptable to the aggrieved party and proceed with due diligence to completion. Either party shall be in default hereof if it becomes insolvent, makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, a receiver is appointed or a petition in Bankruptcy is filed with respect to the party and is not dismissed within thirty (30) days. Termination shall have no effect on the parties' rights or obligations under Section 7 ("Confidential Information"), Section 8 ("Noncircumvention"), Section 9 ("Injunctive Relief") or Section 10 ("Warranties").

14.    Disputes & Choice of Law.  Except for certain emergency judicial relief authorized under Section 9 ("Injunctive Relief") which may be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction at any time, the parties agree that all disputes between them shall first be submitted for informal resolution to their respective chief operating officers. Any remaining dispute shall be submitted to a single arbitrator who shall be a former judge or attorney having experience in similar disputes. The proceedings shall be conducted pursuant to the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures and the U.S. Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Sec. 1 et seq. (“Arbitration Act”). The award of the arbitrator shall include a written explanation of the decision, shall be limited to remedies otherwise available in court and shall be binding upon the parties and enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND CALIFORNIA, AND ANY ACTION SHALL BE INITIATED AND MAINTAINED IN A FORUM OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION IN SUCH DESIGNATED STATE. The U.N. Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Unfair Contracts Act in the United Kingdom shall not apply to this Agreement.

15.    Independent Contractor Status.  Each party and its people are independent contractors in relation to the other party with respect to all matters arising under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall be deemed to establish a partnership, joint venture, association or employment relationship between the parties. Each party shall remain responsible, and shall indemnify and hold harmless the other party, for the withholding and payment of all Federal, state and local personal income, wage, earnings, occupation, social security, worker's compensation, unemployment, sickness and disability insurance taxes, payroll levies or employee benefit requirements (under ERISA, state law or otherwise) now existing or hereafter enacted and attributable to themselves and their respective people. CONTRACTOR REPRESENTS THAT IT RETAINS WIDE DISCRETION IN THE TIME, MANNER AND DETAILS OF PERFORMANCE, IS NOT UNDER CUSTOMER'S DIRECT SUPERVISION OR CONTROL, HAS THE SKILLS AND TOOLS TO PERFORM THE WORK, HOLDS ITSELF OUT GENERALLY AS AN INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AND HAS OTHER SUBSTANTIAL SOURCES OF INCOME.

16.    Relationship of the CONTRACTOR to the Involved Parties. As additional protection for Proprietary Information, CONTRACTOR agrees that during the period over which it is (or is supposed to be) providing Services (i) and for one year thereafter, CONTRACTOR will not encourage or solicit any employee, custom, or CONTRACTOR of Company to leave Company for any reason, and (ii) CONTRACTOR will not engage in any activity that is in any way competitive with the business or demonstrably anticipated business of Company, and CONTRACTOR will not assist any other person or organization in competing or in preparing to compete with any business or demonstrably anticipated business of Company.

    (a) THE CONTRACTOR SHALL HAVE NO AUTHORITY TO ACT AS AN AGENT FOR, OR ON BEHALF OF, THE COMPANY, OR TO REPRESENT THE COMPANY OR BIND THE COMPANY IN ANY MANNER.

    (b) The Contractor shall not be entitled to worker's compensation, retirement, insurance or other benefits afforded to employees of the Company.

17.    Security, No Conflicts.  Each party agrees to inform the other of any information made available to the other party that is classified or restricted data, agrees to comply with the security requirements imposed by any state or local government, or by the United States Government, and shall return all such material upon request. Each party warrants that its participation in this Agreement does not conflict with any contractual or other obligation of the party or create any conflict of interest prohibited by the U.S. Government or any other government and shall promptly notify the other party if any such conflict arises during the Term.

18.    Insurance, Indemnity.  Each party shall maintain adequate insurance protection covering its respective activities hereunder, including coverage for statutory worker's compensation, comprehensive general liability for bodily injury and tangible property damage, as well as adequate coverage for vehicles. CONTRACTOR represents and warrants that it currently has and shall retain in force during the Term hereof a valid policy of workers compensation insurance covering its employees working under this Agreement. Each party shall indemnify and hold the other harmless from liability for bodily injury, death and tangible property damage resulting from the acts or omissions of its officers, agents, employees or representatives acting within the scope of their work.

19.    U.S. Government Restricted Rights.  Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, Licensee agrees that: (i) the Deliverable and Documentation are "restricted computer software" as defined in the Commercial Computer Software--Restricted Rights clause at FAR 52.227-19; (ii) the Deliverable was developed entirely at private expense; (iii) the Deliverable is delivered with only the specific rights set forth in subparagraph (c)(2) of the Commercial Computer Software--Restricted Rights clause at FAR 52.227-19; (iv) the Deliverable is deemed to be adequately marked when the legend below is affixed to the Deliverable or its storage media:

RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND

Notice- Notwithstanding any other lease or license agreement that may pertain to, or accompany the delivery of, this restricted computer software, the rights of the Government regarding its use, reproduction and disclosure are as set forth in subparagraph (c)(2) of the Commercial Computer Software- Restricted Rights clause at FAR 52.227-19.

20.    Compliance with Export Regulations.  CONTRACTOR has or shall obtain in a timely manner all necessary or appropriate licenses, permits or other governmental authorizations or approvals; shall indemnify and hold CUSTOMER harmless from, and bear all expense of, complying with all foreign or domestic laws, regulations or requirements pertaining to the importation, exportation, or Use of the technology to be developed or provided herein. Neither party shall directly or indirectly export or re-export (including by transmission) any regulated technology to any country to which such activity is restricted by U.S. regulation or statute, without the prior written consent, if required, of the Bureau of Export Administration of the U.S. Department of Commerce. This provision and the assurances made herein shall survive termination of this Agreement.



21.    Miscellaneous.  This document and the Task Orders constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all other communications, whether written or oral. This Agreement may be modified or amended only by a writing signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought. Except as specifically permitted herein, neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder may be transferred, assigned or subcontracted by CONTRACTOR without the CUSTOMER's prior written consent and any attempt to the contrary shall be void. Neither party shall be liable for delays caused by events beyond its reasonable control. Any provision hereof found by a tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal or unenforceable shall be automatically conformed to the minimum requirements of law and all other provisions shall remain in full force and effect. Waiver of any provision hereof in one instance shall not preclude enforcement thereof on future occasions. Headings are for reference purposes only and have no substantive effect.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, for adequate consideration and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives.


[CONTRACTOR/BUSINESS NAME]                           DigiSavvy, Inc

______________________________________            ___________________________________

Name:  [NAME OF SIGNOR FOR CONTRACTOR]            Name:   [NAME OF SIGNOR FOR DIGISAVVY]
Title: [TITLE OF SIGNOR]                          Title:  [TITLE OF SIGNOR]
Date:  [DATE SIGNED]                              Date:   [DATE SIGNED]

SCHEDULE OF LABOR CATEGORIES AND RATES

RATE SCHEDULE

Labor Category                                    Hourly Rate


[TYPE OF WORK TO BE PERFORMED]                    [HOURLY RATE]



